the sentences will end up on a
other video on fifa 15 fifa ultimate
team 15 for a whole new team
for a series all be then
today we will do an hour
play with a team as you can
see him a team from the Netherlands a
Dutch team
so suddenly older choice between full
of equipped suddenly I was 60 but the
credit I chose I opted for a
heavy is not sure a lot of
people we are obvious about the 2
days 2 not even wanted to lose a fall
from today at the beginning of this year
beginning of this guy at 15 of the coup I decide
to make a hedge frankly I have not
made matches yet but on the
paper but not really to the air
to be really good so if there are any
players that I forgot the shots I
not say yes before I know that I am
household but I'm m it's an attacker
it's a healthy environment the water dce and I
will put a lot I should put
a sheet of metal hours I do not have it I do not buy it
again tested this team cost me to
nearly 40,000 credit remained
especially on the player the governor who
cost me 40 which cost me an eye on
20 credits him because there is no
many left wingers in holland
as for the low countries and suddenly it is he
pretty good there is a very good map and
so he will listen to us anyway
twenty thousand credit all the helicopters
I listen to the flu at my music said
I have not seen martins indi name of the coup
I have not I have not looked I am afraid I
just thought now and so here
if the days that Norman bling I
my name is two days must test of
john bond will start right away
video this match I mean on the
season line in the second season on
will win but I remind you both
matches in three matches no i 'm
your from a draw but who
can not calculate
do not travel detailed the team there are two
straws aouina johnny kuyt sneijder from
john do van der wiel van dyck vlaar
if the scenes at kgb content is
the team had its planned the ania by robben
and van persie the two best players
of the team
then true but here I am I am
not fooled with money I can not afford
for the face was yet to be granted to
latency of the expected guy but who is a
little naze
what we take here we take almost
ceylac not good people we end up
for the match we will just see the team
that he had a little bit oloron pc and
a Spanish team
fabregas bata david villa negredo jesus
navas epic cock and ravished martinez speedy
koïta and after another these I got
quickly i want to play feet and
juanfran yeah that's it or go them
people find themselves for the best
actions and all you say that's a
hadjaoui swimmers olalalala that you
balances van der wiel what is it
do the
good derby no no no I say to myself but
what is he doing here but oh there
even the post still not put that of
poles before this match not possible done
already two pictures in 15 minutes on the 17th
minutes
no no no not especially do that especially
do not do that at the red button I
loose 2 poles 8 may a slap slams and
my slaps and up to the marrow
on the other hand it stinks that stinks shit
rare go here you're straw
a swimmer sara pronounce her name royer
he is good he is good he is good oh
there frankly they will spend this day
I do not think buying a car their share
maybe buy it by replacing like
that's frankly it's really
huge
I love and I do not even have ribes and I have
managed to gain speed always he
there are four players on me person who
take me there and I pull the t-shirt
ample shot wound obsaar incoming who
do not worry super fast what is
really good anyway wrote that you
you can honestly say not explained
wrong
they are never still
good
perfer certainly shit made me down
you crushed my guy zhang dejiang all
only
all alone wait for your trash can not
scored it's a defensive midfielder
good then a nice first half was
everywhere and a half the match anyway he
really will have to win but just do
in club green and leave the team to
a frankly really good we get
found for the best actions and
second half jeffrey mine
going
Straw straws
damage it frankly not ask me
danger still a defense that
that's it and that's five years ago yes we
let's make you dance
also very beautiful very physical is this
that they admit it for skylight
opposite his resentment what damage
there would be a bihan I would
feel good we put guys he's going
redeem
you do not have the right honestly he
will call branch it all to straws
Straw straws
oh there straws words you're hungry and
countries to present in the
cages where we see there has flaws
he did his little festival before
show before scoring this goal
frankly is stopped at the same time
rage quit but he does not even leave
looked at the goal but it's disgusting
well go jean ba voila that's for sure on a
draw that held second rage quit on
another video that I had seen from
his return him only one if you want
to have enough even not less to wadi ski
the man of the match
there is no man of the match she
normally beats it's yes swimmers it's
will hold up who is seen he had
also if the word we do not care after all
good people if you have this team
Dutch you can put a little
like it can be very fun and it
Lack tell if you have this
series you can
and if you already have a proposal or
players who are not their position I
could change who are beneficial
for the player teams open to all
you can send a little by little on
this guy on am I say yes I am
focused on on other things but
we are a little comment on the video
it makes me very happy too
so people are finally playing this video
we were aiming for other videos
that's all